Hello! My name is Calle Börstell.
I work here at Radboud University, Nijmegen.
I have previously worked in general linguistics and sign language linguistics.
In 2017, I graduated with a PhD from Stockholm University, Sweden.
I have previously worked on different sign languages.
For example, Swedish Sign Language, Israeli Sign Language, ABSL, and ASL.
But I mostly focused on Swedish Sign Language.
What are my research interests?
Language structure and variation.
Linguistic typology.
Corpus linguistics, and programming.
I started here at Radboud in 2018 -
- as a postdoc within the project Deaf communication without a shared language.